Is it because I didn’t go first?
What does this have to do with the process?
You know, his low-cut is very effective, and it’s normal for you to like him.
If I ask you to stay awake for a day,
The process is that I don’t like you at all,
He had other people before, so why should he obey his brother?
Ah, the process is the convenience that can give you things. I have nothing to do with the process.
Or playing house, being a treasure curtain, or making money,
I don't like it at all.
Now I can take care of our money for you without having to go back to the country.
It was you who left me, and I didn’t want it earlier.
And I’m not staying in Gu’s family just for money.
Sorry for not being able to understand these years
grudges between us
It's over now
Then I won’t have to pay so much in the future. Thank you.
we have changed
It's my wedding day
she remembered
Then it's a deal to put money in
everything between us
It's over completely today, do you understand?
if you really thank me
Why did I give it to you?
Then cancel and there will be
Will I be with one?
I don’t love Gu Gu. Thank you. Thank you for going to Gu’s house.